add the docs on tcp traffic mirror analysis (#1274)
wallarm/product-documentation: docs/4.10/installation/oob/tcp-traffic-mirror/deployment.md

## How does it work

This solution operates in out-of-band (OOB) mode, capturing mirrored TCP traffic directly from the network interface, independent of web servers like NGINX. The solution uses Goreplay to capture the traffic and handle encapsulations (e.g., VLAN, VXLAN). The captured traffic is then parsed, reassembled, and analyzed for threats by the Wallarm services.

It seamlessly swaps between multiple traffic sources. When multiple data sources are directed to a traffic mirror target (the instance with the Wallarm node), the solution efficiently collects and decrypts traffic, allowing flexible monitoring without disruption. By reassembling TCP traffic, the Wallarm node ensures accurate threat detection and analysis, ensuring no suspicious activity is missed.

Additionally, the solution supports response mirror parsing, allowing non-interrupted traffic flow while providing Wallarm features that rely on response data. These features include vulnerability discovery, API discovery, and more.

## Requirements

> * Understanding of TCP traffic mirroring flow and the specifics of your environment to configure the solution effectively.

Reviewer: do we really need to tell the user they are required to have the "understanding of the specifics of their environment"?

```
curl http://<MIRROR_SOURCE_ADDRESS>/etc/passwd
```

Since the Wallarm solution for TCP traffic mirror analysis operates out-of-band, it does not block attacks but only registers them.

To check that the attack has been registered, proceed to Wallarm Console → **Events**:

![!Attacks in the interface](../../../images/waf-installation/epbf/ebpf-attack-in-ui.png)

## Debugging

* To check if there is traffic on the network interface you are trying to capture from, run the following command on your machine:

    ```
    tcpdump -i <INTERFACE_NAME>
    ```
* To verify if the filtering node detects traffic:

    Set the log level in `/opt/wallarm/etc/wallarm/go-node.yaml` to `debug` as follows:

    ```yaml
    Log:
      Level: debug
    ```

    Restart the Wallarm service:

    ```
    sydo systemctl restart wallarm
    ```

    Logs are written to `/opt/wallarm/var/log/wallarm/go-node.log` by default. You can read them there.
* Standard logs of the filtering node such as whether the data is sent to the Wallarm Cloud, detected attacks, etc. are located in the directory `/opt/wallarm/var/log/wallarm`.

> ## Installer launch options

Reviewer: where's the upgrade instructions?

* As soon as you have the all-in one script downloaded, you can get **help** on it with:

    === "x86_64 version"
        ```
        sudo ./aionext-0.2.2.x86_64.sh -- --help
        ```
    === "ARM64 version"
        ```
        sudo ./aionext-0.2.2.aarch64.sh -- --help
        ```

> * You can also run the installer in an **interactive** mode by choosing the `tcp-capture` mode in the 1st step:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You can also run the installer in an **interactive** mode and choose the `tcp-capture` mode in the 1st step:
```
